pc tube who is sugar back to you guys
how I do my flat twist outs babe bad I
know what you're thinking but should you
had said a few minutes ago touch it
wasn't gonna wear your afro out for the
fall and stuff that is true this is a
flat twist I and not an afro and this
party I was previously recorded this is
what my hair looks like right here right
now as I sit and do this hair voice oh
wow so my hair was clean condition and
pre section I'm going to be using the
eco styler argan oil gel some sank hair
lotion some a hole that i got from
Trader Joe's and of course I have to
have my music so I released one of the
sections take some of the hobo oil apply
that to my hands and then apply the hobo
oil to the strands of my hair and also
to my scalp next I section my hair to
prepare for the flat twist once my hair
has been section I take some of the same
care lotion and apply that to the
strands of my hair and I just follow it
when these two tangling brushes to make
sure I don't have any tangles or snarls
next I take some of the argan oil eco
styler gel apply a generous amount of
the strands of my hair and begin black
twisting all the way down when I have
about an inch or so left from the bottom
I'd like to detangle with the brush one
more time and swirl it around my finger
to create a curlicue and there's one
section done and there are three
sections done my hair started to dry out
a bit so I just took some water and
applied it to the hair to make it easier
to work with now I'm down to my last
section following the same steps I take
some of the hope oil apply to the
strands of my hair I then take some of
the sink hair lotion make sure there are
no tangles apply some of the argan oil
eco styler gel and begin flat twisting
now I know there's a bit of a learning
curve when it comes down to flat
twisting so I've zoomed in so that you
guys can see a little easier so I take a
section of hair
split that section in to cross it over
and when I get ready to cross it over
again I pick up new hair okay so as you
work your way down when you cross over
you have to pick up new hair try it took
me a while to get it but I finally
figured it out and there you have it my
hair is all flat twisted and I have the
whole match struggle happening here and
I have 18 all over so here we are the
next day as my hair was able to dry
completely then they say and there my
cat is on the floor harassing me rubbing
all that gets my leg stuff so to reduce
the frizz and also to add shine and take
some hobo oil and apply it all over my
hand when I take out my flat twists and
with the power of the Internet my hair
is all out isn't it cute I was totally
feeling myself you could not tell me
that I was not cute honey couldn't tell
me now as you see I have these parts
going on so I'd like to do is just take
a brush I'm sorry a comb or a pic and
just go through and kind of lift the
roots in an attempt to disguise some of
the parts but take your time don't go
all the way through just lift the root
gently
isn't it cute okay I almost forgot to
give you guys the 360 so that you all
can see what is happening here I think
it's absolutely marvelous if you missed
my other videos I'm going to link them
here on the screen as well as place
links down below in the description bar
I have a DIY on how to make the neck bow
and also the outfit of the day that goes
with that particular neck bow if you
have not subscribed to my channel go
ahead and do so i'll upload videos every
tuesday at six a.m. eastern standard
time as always thank you so much for
watching and supporting my channel i
hope you guys had a wonderful weekend
and I will see you all next Tuesday
alright guys be blessed peace